Isn't this Mr. Gu of Story Group?
Sorry.
I'm late, Yoyo's father turned out to be Mr. Gu
If you get married now
Everyone will only misunderstand Yoyo's identity
I suggest you not say Mr. Gu
I also want to take a picture of that painting just now
It was fascinating.
Just forgot
Your son
Are there any other paintings in our collection?
Yes, yes.
Wow! Bold colors for this one.
What about a play?
300,000 I'll take it
This painting is identical to Picasso's.
400,000 I'll take it
Don't rob anyone of me!
Hey, I want it too, I want it too
Why is someone still robbing me of my draft paper?
This auction?
A total of 6.30 million yuan was auctioned off
The first place is Lin Youyou's child
His words sold a total of 4.10 million
Let's congratulate him
OK
I'm number one.
Yo Yo is awesome
Thank you for today.
After all, I used to be Yoyo's dad for a day
Can't watch him get bullied
But if you really want to thank me
If you invite me to dinner
Okay
I will definitely treat you to a big meal